Today, the computational complexity of equivalence problems such as the graph
isomorphism problem and the Boolean formula equivalence problem remain only
partially understood.  One of the most important tools for determining the
(relative) difficulty of a computational problem is the many-one reduction,
which provides a way to encode an instance of one problem into an instance of
another.  In equivalence problems, the goal is to determine if a pair of
strings is related, so a many-one reduction with access to the entire pair may
be too powerful.  A recently introduced type of reduction, the "kernel
reduction", defined only on equivalence problems, allows the transformation of
each string in the pair independently.  Understanding the limitations of the
kernel reduction as compared with the many-one reduction improves our
understanding of the limitations of computers in solving problems of
equivalence.  We investigate not only these limitations, but also whether
classes of equivalence problems have complete problems under kernel reductions.
This paper provides a detailed collection of results about kernel reductions.

After exploring possible definitions of complexity classes of equivalence
relations, we prove that polynomial time kernel reductions are strictly less
powerful than polynomial time many-one reductions.  We also provide sufficient
conditions for complete problems under kernel reductions, show that
completeness under kernel reductions can sometimes imply completeness under
many-one reductions, and finally prove that equivalence problems of
intermediate difficulty can exist under the right conditions.  Though kernel
reductions share some basic properties with many-one reductions, ultimately the
number and size of equivalence classes can prevent the existence of a kernel
reduction, regardless of the complexity of the equivalence problem. The most
important open problem we leave unsolved is proving the unconditional existence
of a complete problem under kernel reductions for some basic complexity classes
that are well-known to have complete problems under many-one reductions.
