README.md, before:

# On polynomial time kernel reductions #

In this paper we examine polynomial time kernel reductions among equivalence
relations.

This file was last updated on 11 January 2012.

## Downloading ##

This paper can be found at https://github.com/jfinkels/equivalence. The
slideshow presentation corresponding to this paper can be found at
https://github.com/jfinkels/equivalence-talk.

To download the paper using [Git][1], run

    git clone git://github.com/jfinkels/equivalence

After cloning the repository to your local machine, you can checkout a
different branch (for example, branch `preorder`) by running

    git checkout preorder

You can switch back to the `master` branch by running

    git checkout master

[1]: http://git-scm.com

## Compilation dependencies ##

Besides `pdflatex`, compile-time dependencies include the following LaTeX
packages:

* `aliascnt`
* `amsthm`
* `amsmath`
* `amssymb`
* `complexity`
* `hyperref`
* `xy`

On Ubuntu 11.04 and 11.10, the necessary system packages which contain these
LaTeX packages are:

* `texlive-base`
* `texlive-latex-base`
* `texlive-pictures`
* `texlive-science`

To install them, run

    sudo apt-get install texlive-base texlive-latex-base texlive-pictures \
      texlive-science

If for some reason you wish to compile the document as a Postscript file
instead of a PDF file, you must (on Ubuntu 11.10) install the following
additional system packages:

* `texlive-fonts-recommended`

To install them, run

    sudo apt-get install texlive-fonts-recommended

To compile the poster which corresponds to the article, compile-time
dependencies include the following LaTeX packages:

* `amsmath`
* `amsthm`
* `complexity`
* `type1cm`
* `tkz-graph`
* `xy`

On Ubuntu 11.04 and 11.10, the necessary system packages which contain these
LaTeX packages are:

* `texlive-latex-base`
* `texlive-latex-extra`
* `texlive-science`

To install them, run

    sudo apt-get install texlive-latex-base texlive-latex-extra texlive-science

## Compiling ##

To compile this article, run 

    ./compile-paper.sh

The output is `equivalence.pdf`.

To compile the poster corresponding to the article, run

    cd poster
    pdflatex poster.tex

The output is `poster/poster.pdf`

## Copyright ##

Copyright 2011, 2012 Jeffrey Finkelstein

Except where otherwise noted, both the LaTeX markup and the content of both the
article and the poster are made available under the terms of the Creative
Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 license,
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/.

## Contact ##

Jeffrey Finkelstein <jeffrey.finkelstein@gmail.com>

Commit message:

Added note that tkz-graph must be downloaded manually.

README.md, after:

# On polynomial time kernel reductions #

In this paper we examine polynomial time kernel reductions among equivalence
relations.

This file was last updated on 11 January 2012.

## Downloading ##

This paper can be found at https://github.com/jfinkels/equivalence. The
slideshow presentation corresponding to this paper can be found at
https://github.com/jfinkels/equivalence-talk.

To download the paper using [Git][1], run

    git clone git://github.com/jfinkels/equivalence

After cloning the repository to your local machine, you can checkout a
different branch (for example, branch `preorder`) by running

    git checkout preorder

You can switch back to the `master` branch by running

    git checkout master

[1]: http://git-scm.com

## Compilation dependencies ##

Besides `pdflatex`, compile-time dependencies include the following LaTeX
packages:

* `aliascnt`
* `amsthm`
* `amsmath`
* `amssymb`
* `complexity`
* `hyperref`
* `xy`

On Ubuntu 11.04 and 11.10, the necessary system packages which contain these
LaTeX packages are:

* `texlive-base`
* `texlive-latex-base`
* `texlive-pictures`
* `texlive-science`

To install them, run

    sudo apt-get install texlive-base texlive-latex-base texlive-pictures \
      texlive-science

If for some reason you wish to compile the document as a Postscript file
instead of a PDF file, you must (on Ubuntu 11.10) install the following
additional system packages:

* `texlive-fonts-recommended`

To install them, run

    sudo apt-get install texlive-fonts-recommended

To compile the poster which corresponds to the article, compile-time
dependencies include the following LaTeX packages:

* `amsmath`
* `amsthm`
* `complexity`
* `type1cm`
* `tkz-graph`
* `xy`

On Ubuntu 11.04 and 11.10, the necessary system packages which contain these
LaTeX packages (other than `tkz-graph`, see below) are:

* `texlive-latex-base`
* `texlive-latex-extra`
* `texlive-science`

To install them, run

    sudo apt-get install texlive-latex-base texlive-latex-extra texlive-science

`tkz-graph` must be downloaded manually and placed in the `poster/` directory
(or somewhere else where LaTeX can find it). It can be downloaded from
http://www.ctan.org/tex-archive/macros/latex/contrib/tkz/tkz-graph.

## Compiling ##

To compile this article, run 

    ./compile-paper.sh

The output is `equivalence.pdf`.

To compile the poster corresponding to the article, run

    cd poster
    pdflatex poster.tex

The output is `poster/poster.pdf`

## Copyright ##

Copyright 2011, 2012 Jeffrey Finkelstein

Except where otherwise noted, both the LaTeX markup and the content of both the
article and the poster are made available under the terms of the Creative
Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 license,
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/.

## Contact ##

Jeffrey Finkelstein <jeffrey.finkelstein@gmail.com>
